The entire planet.
Destroyed and looted in just four days.
Impressive. my lord.
Sevryn. I'm craving even more worlds.
Let me offer you... Terrat.
The Ice Planet.
Abundant in natural resources.
The indigenous people there are ordinary and unassuming.
Their technology is less advanced than ours.
Therefore. any resistance to our efforts would...
Easy to press down.
Confiscate what remains of their precious metals.
from these materials. from all resources that are vital
to secure absolute power in your galactic domain.
I've been picking stars
and a larger number of asteroids.
But they lack what Terra has to offer.
Highly concentrated forms of these materials.
which is not found on any other star.
neither the moon nor any celestial body
in any system you have conquered
or what you haven't conquered yet.
There are great enemies among us.
Survival in Ocroni Vere requires
The sovereign chancellor. who exercises power in eternity.
High concentrations of these essential elements.
Terra may be weak and dying.
but its resources are still stronger and more powerful
such as those you have drawn
from any other letter that you have easily crushed.
Terra.
So...
...serene in its silence.
Destroy this world.
I enjoy everything it has to offer.
Rule through fear. rule through force!
King Walter Meets the Night!
King Walter must face the night!
No more chains! No more rings!
Down with tyranny! Down with kings!
The Prince is coming!
Put down your axe. Prince Eli.
Our argument isn't with you.
That's enough!
My father is neither cruel nor unfair.
He rules with a just hand.
You live here in decadence. while we
People are starving and shivering behind the gates.
Your father's regime is as corrupt as it gets.
That's over now.
I don't want to fight with you.
But I will defend my kingdom and my father's name.
He is imposing resource rationing on his people
through which should be accessible to everyone.
It ends today.
Now step aside. Prince Eli.
There's something magical about this gun.
I have warned you fairly.
Leave here now.
Stay away.
Final warning.
We won't go unheard that day.
This uprising will not achieve the goals you are seeking.
In the name of the Bremenord Smithy!
Something has fallen!
What happened?
What happened to you?
Tell me what happened.
Tell me. villager.
The combine's engine has been shipped to Terra.
Watch out!
What is the cause of this problem?
Dad!
This is the Harvester's engine.
Ocron's blood has invaded our world.
Has Ocron's blood come here?
Are you absolutely sure?
I've seen a harvester with my own eyes.
I spilled their blood with my own weapon.
You must protect Bremenord at all costs.
Keep Sepikoda safe. no matter what stands in your way.
Dad. the blacksmith's shop?
Are you worried about Sepikoja?
We must defend our kingdom. our people.
No childhood myths whatsoever.
Your mother told you those stories.
and he's not here anymore.
because of the mistakes I made.
My days are coming to an end.
And you'll take my place.
That's why you have to promise me.
so that you keep Sepikoja safe.
You must stop the Ocron's blood.
Prove that you are capable of ruling these lands.
Dad. I don't understand.
The blacksmith's shop is very authentic.
Volcano...
which is imbued with a special magic that is both now and
has remained the primary source of energy
which the House of Bremenord has always counted on.
Your mother passed away...
because he wanted to...
to share this vital resource with other kingdoms.
He asked me to do it. but...
I didn't allow that.
And if that meant...
the loss of his wife...
and one more child...
Then I was ready to make that sacrifice.
Dad. what do you mean. another kid?
Do I have a sister or a brother?
Dad. answer me.
Your mother... is no longer with us.
But your sister...
may still be alive.
Dad...
Sister. you...
You've never said a word to me about him. how...
How were you able to keep that from me for so long?
It was the only option.
How? Why?
It's none of your business to ask me about such matters.
You expect me to rule over those lands when you're no longer here.
But you're keeping secrets from me that are very important.
What else have you decided to hide from me?
Dad... we're under attack.
If I have a sister. I should know where to find her.
He can help us.
If this Harvester engine
If it reaches the core. the planet will die.
Along with everything else on it.
Kriatora...
Perisiphone...
and Ryar.
He destroyed those planets
Alpha Centauri. for its own benefit.
And now he plans to exploit our planet's resources
to increase its power.
strengthening their resolve.
If that were to happen.
He is unstoppable.
Dad...
I won't let Bremenord fall
Faurtaxi and Ocroni into Vere's hands.
I give you my word.
Unite your kingdom.
Go to Craeus.
Correct the mistakes I've made...
...and your armies will be legions.
To Craeus?
Dad. Craeus is a rebel stronghold.
You're going to need allies.
Even if they are enemies right now.
Convince them to fight on your side.
Faurtax has armies that are willing to die for him.
You must recruit the best warriors in this kingdom
in order to access the Harvester engine and disassemble it.
I won't let you down. Dad.
Your Excellency the Chancellor.
Prince Eli of Bremen and the sole heir to King Walter's throne
has destroyed the signal antenna
and killed four members of my reconnaissance team.
Position the guards around the perimeter.
However. a combine harvester must not
Stop drilling down to the planet's core.
The heir to the Order of Bremen remains a threat.
He has access to resources and allies who can
to counter your efforts.
My lord. please let me handle this threat.
I tracked down that prince of Bremen.
Atrious. you and Sevryn. take the transport ship
to the planet's surface.
You will find this Prince Eli and destroy him.
Yes. my lord.
Sammara. it's me. Prince Eli.
I have come because of an urgent crisis that threatens all of our lives.
You've come a long way
On the comforts and excesses of the Citadel.
I find it rather doubtful that you've come
for no other reason than conflict.
I'm warning you. I'm armed.
I haven't come here to fight you.
Instead. I've come to recruit the best fighters
throughout our country.
The village of Nera has already been destroyed.
You came to the Citadel to fight for your survival.
Now join me in this fight to save our world.
Samm. listen to me.
I have come to form the necessary alliance
against our common enemy.
Ardensport. West Uloria.
They're too far away to recruit from there.
Samm. put down your weapon.
Start by lowering your own.
and then maybe I'll make my own decision.
Very good.
That bright flash we saw was the engine of their Harvester.
And it's already drilling toward the core of our planet.
Time is not on our side.
So what?
So. did you come here... to... recruit us?
What will become of your king's army?
He does not hesitate to use his power
whenever subordinates are involved.
Why shouldn't he use his power now?
In the event of a real threat?
The King's army is not equipped to stop the Harvester's engine.
This mission requires stealth. not brute force.
And who do you think would join you?
for that sneaking trip?
Your rebels are strong. cunning. and refuse to give in.
Just as you proved today at the Citadel.
The Bremen Order had no choice but to
recruit the lowest scum from behind the city walls?
Now do you see our value?
That is certainly ironic.
It is larger than the Citadel.
We are fighting to save our world.
You'll get my gun.
But you need others.
But you knew you needed others.
That's why you recruited me first.
Because you knew they would kill you in an instant.
Every second we wait. that Harvester engine
continues to drill toward the core of our planet.
We must form this union immediately.
If this is just a ruse to infiltrate our ranks
some kind of aggressive action...
Next. please.
Bring them to me.
I have no ulterior motives for this mission.
All right.
I'll take you to them.
You can present your case.
Although. they would rather see
Your father's head on a stake...
Yours is working great. too.
Gunnar! Rik!
I'm back.
Step.
What else do you know?
Have the Ocroni Bloodline taken any major steps?
Toward other countries?
Step.
There's no challenge we can't handle
win together.
I'm glad you feel that way. bro.
Overcoming this challenge will require more than just us.
What is it?
You brought the Prince here?
Our shelter?
Spare him. warrior Gunnar.
I am the one who must bear the weight of your anger.
I have enough ammunition to destroy both of you.
I can assure you that it's not necessary.
Given the enemy we are facing.
It's best to conserve your resources.
Tell me.
What was the price he had to pay to join the House of Bremenord?
and betray us?
I haven't betrayed you.
I just brought him here so that
he could appeal to your better nature.
I don't have one like that.
Warrior Gunnar. on this day we must
set aside their differences to stand up against the Ocron bloodline.
They have a Harvester machine.
He's telling the truth.
I need the kingdom's best warriors to defeat Faurtax.
We'll definitely argue about my background tomorrow.
Today. we're fighting for much higher stakes.
No.
You're fighting alone.
I won't take sides with anyone I don't trust.
And I don't trust anyone I haven't fought yet.
Very good.
Rik. take this to my private quarters.
It's going to be a close fight.
After I defeat you. I'll take your battle axe for myself.
If you go to the city of Bremenord with that weapon.
You won't have any trouble conquering Tsadelli.
If you take my battle axe. it's yours.
The winner takes it all.
I'm starting to think that you don't have
What do I need to pick up my battle axe?
And if I do that. I'll crush your skull like a walnut.
There it is.
The Prince of Bremen.
Listen to me!
I'll talk to my dad about your requests.
Will you join me now in the fight against Faurtax?
I need volunteers. not hostages!
Yes. I'll fight alongside you.
I want him right now.
I think I'll kill him right here. right in this spot.
No. not here. There are too many people here.
Faurtax gave us a task. and I intend to carry it out.
Patience.
Where is Rik?
You fight well for someone who's the son of a privileged family.
Back in the day.
Predecessor.
Engine status.
The combine's engine is currently
having passed through the continental crust.
Preparing to pass through a layer of the oceanic crust
in an estimated 57 minutes.
That's fine.
But I want my payment right away.
Ship's bridge.
This is your Chancellor.
I have taken control of the ship from Eellas.
Predecessor...
Set a course for orbital harvesting.
Location coordinates: 42 kilometers
from the point of impact of the harvester's engine.
I am setting the orbital harvest position
to the specified coordinates.
Look over there. between the clouds.
This is Faurtax.
His ship is approaching our planet.
Once it lands. we can storm the ship.
Let him come.
Then we'll be able to face the enemy head-on.
I'm afraid he won't make it to the landing.
How do you know that?
Faurtax has already launched its harvest engine.
Everything he needs or could possibly want. he gets from orbit.
What does that mean?
-Predecessor.
-Chancellor of the State?
I have programmed the data for the orbital harvest parameters.
Turn on the auxiliary ventilation.
Starting the auxiliary fans.
On behalf of the Bremenord Blacksmith's Guild.
Faurtax has already begun to exploit the planet's resources.
This ship sails the oceans of the planet
with incredible force from the surface.
Well...
Given their current congested state.
Now is the time to attack.
Ancestor.
Energy Storage Status.
The withdrawal procedure is at 64%.
Energy Conversion Systems in Operation.
Who are you?
Who is he?
My name is Ella.
I wasn't convinced of your mission before.
But now I see that we all have to do our part.
This cleaning motor. which continues to
to burrow our way through our core.
Does this device have the same destructive power?
Much worse.
Because the resources are located
in every layer of the planet.
making them visible and easily accessible.
The purpose of the engine is to make us
The planet is falling apart. shattering from within.
We have at most 36 hours left before it
The cleaning engine reaches the core of our planet.
How did you arrive at that calculation?
Well. the destruction of the planet Perisiphone.
And before that. the destruction of the planet Kriatora.
And before that. the destruction of the planet Ryari.
The thing is. all these celestial bodies
has been the victim of four attacks.
and each one's destruction took no more than 36 hours.
And how do we get on that ship?
and destroy it before Terra is destroyed?
The Harvester engine installed inside our planet
is a substitution mechanism
about the vessel we just saw swallowing up the ocean.
That means. then. that if we destroy the engine below.
Then will we destroy that ship orbiting above us?
Yes.
So. if destroying one sabotages the other. then we'll take the engine.
But it must already be miles below the surface.
And it burrows deeper at an incredible speed.
We don't have time to waste.
Otherwise. the blacksmith's shop—and our whole world—will be gone.
Forever.
36 hours isn't much time.
We must act now. or we'll miss our chance.
Well. let's get to work then.
Grab your gear.
Grab your weapons.
And join me in battle to defeat Faurtax.
And save our planet.
Don't touch me.
Ocron Blood has found us!
They fight in large groups; that's part of their strategy.
Be careful!
Show what you've got!
Rik.
They killed him.
These are our brothers' weapons.
I will shed the blood of our enemies in their honor.
It is promised.
That... is promised.
Come on.
Let's go back to the others and...
We're on our way to victory.
I'll be right there.
They have perished.
We are all who remain from that group.
Gunnar. are you sure?
I sympathize with you over your loss.
You won't be the only one who feels sorry.
when I shake hands with that Faurtax guy.
And what will happen to Ella?
We don't have a moment to spare.
He mourns one last time before we leave our brothers behind.
What a noble gesture.
Who are you?
Are you responsible for that insult?
I'm surprised by just how much joy this brings me.
Although I prefer to kill with my own hands.
Let me show you.
You won't get another chance like this.
Show what you've got!
It's not over yet!
That must have been Sevryn.
Grand Praetor of Faurtaxi.
He has inexplicable abilities.
He's coming back to finish what he started.
Once we reach that landing craft. we'll be able to use it to
fly into the ravine to reach the Harvester's engine.
Then we'll take the ship.
Warrior Gunnar. where did your cannon go?
It was lost when the camp was destroyed.
But I'm just as skilled with any other blade.
I have no doubt about that.
Let's go.
Please wait.
Faurtax keeps tabs on his guards.
Sevryn assured me that any countermeasures
Their efforts are easily crushed.
Landing platform.
The cleaning motor is located near the core.
Your pitiful...
...attempts to prevent the inevitable are futile.
This world is mine!
And everything in it.
Your kingdom has already fallen. Prince Bremenord.
You have nothing left in this world.
Or in any other one.
His armor is impenetrable.
We have to retreat.
We have to retreat right away! Let's go!
We need to figure out a way to turn off the cleaning motor.
Faurtax is much stronger than it used to be.
This helmet is reinforced
the planet's own pure life force.
Another resource that the Chancellor
believes he has the right to demand.
And suck out the last breaths from the dying
From blood donors and security guards.
Those we didn't kill. he killed
drawing on their vitality for their own strength.
Now you understand why I needed to
the best fighters in the whole country.
What kind of talisman is that you're wearing around your neck?
It's an amulet.
My mother gave this to me when I was a child.
He said it contained all the secrets of the kingdom.
As long as I wore it around my neck.
It would always lead me back home if I were to get lost.
May I?
Beautiful.
But at the same time. familiar.
It almost feels like I've seen this somewhere before.
Maybe in some dream.
I need to visit my father one more time before we set off again.
Dad. I have a question for you.
and you have to tell me the truth.
What's the matter. my son?
My sister.
What was his name?
Don't talk about him within these walls.
His mother took him away from here when she left. didn't she?
I'm not in the mood for that kind of conversation.
Dad. listen to me. This is very important.
I said. "Don't talk to Ella about those..."
within these walls. as long as I rule in Bremenord.
So that's his name.
Why did my mom take him away from me?
You have to tell me. Why?
Leave this room immediately. or I'll...
I'll have my guards drag you out by force.
He's here.
Ella is here at the Citadel.
You're mocking me. A cruel mockery.
He has joined our cause. and there is no reason.
Why couldn't he do it under his real name?
Because that's not his name.
Your mother defiled this home with her infidelity.
He was born as a result of your mother's secret affair and betrayal.
-That's not true.
-He was hidden at birth.
Your sister posed too great a threat to my rule in Bremenord.
So I had him thrown out along with your mother.
So you sent my sister off to wander beyond the walls
his whole life. just because he isn't your own flesh and blood?
You are my flesh and blood.
You are... You are my sole heir.
And anyone else who might try to claim
That which rightfully belongs to you will be sent into exile.
It's all ancient history anyway.
That doesn't matter anymore.
I loved your mother very much.
A great deal.
But my kingdom and everything in it
It wasn't enough for him.
Let me ask you one more question.
Then I'll leave you to wallow in the quagmire of your own decisions.
-His biological father.
-Yes.
Who is he?
It doesn't matter.
He left a long time ago.
And if I've done the same thing.
Your time will come to wallow in the same swamp.
Be wary of your sister and her abilities.
Your magic. combined. would be amplified.
But since he's not related to me. I can't trust him.
He might very well use his magic against me.
Against us.
No.
I don't believe it. Dad.
He wants to defeat Faurtax just as much as I do.
And everyone else I recruited for this mission.
Heed my warning.
Don't be stupid.
Your mother had similar abilities
which was passed on to that child.
Please note.
Be cautious about your sister's abilities.
Ancestor.
Engine status.
The harvester engine is currently
passing through the planet's equatorial belt.
Penetration of the outer core.
an estimated 13 hours. 27 minutes.
Atrious and Sevryn have failed
in the elimination of Prince Eli and his friends.
Increase the speed of the mower's engine.
I'll increase the speed of the mower's engine.
Should I start with an initial radial explosion.
to start shattering the planet into pieces?
You read my mind.
That's enough.
The prince has returned.
And it's time to send Faurtax back to where it came from.
What's up. Prince Eli?
You look like you've seen a ghost.
An earthquake?
Hurry. follow me to the safe shelter.
Eellane. how's the engine?
Accelerated speed of the cart's motor
to reach the outer edge. approximately
in five hours and two minutes.
Five hours...
And this planet is seeing its last dawn.
I've never felt the ground shake like this before.
With such intense force.
The cart's motor is already causing serious damage.
It just keeps digging deeper and deeper.
And if this triggers a situation that has already lasted so long and
If there are earthquakes this strong. we may not have much time left to stop it.
Maybe we've already failed
and that is the beginning of this catastrophic revenge.
We have nothing left to look forward to.
We must act immediately to shut down the Harvester engine.
before it reaches the core.
What did you mean?
Ocron's blood soldiers are in position
on the edge of the gorge.
I'm ready to fight again.
But first. we need to move forward with the plan.
There are far fewer of us.
Not anymore.
Not when you and I are allies against a common enemy.
What is that supposed to mean?
That means I believe that you and I are cut from the same cloth.
The blacksmith's shop has always protected us and will continue to do so.
Come on.
Us?
Why don't you tell me what he's talking about?
It sounds as if he's saying you're of royal descent.
Once Samm has brought us close enough to the Harvester engine.
Ella. Gunnar. and I are going to give it a try.
We're ready when you are.
Once we're inside. we'll head over to the Harvester's engine.
Ella and I turn off the engine.
before it reaches the planet's core.
Come on. stay close.
When we're done. we'll go to the ship and fly away from here.
It sounds simple enough.
However. putting this into practice may be much more difficult.
Then we'll fight to the end.
Listen.
To turn off and stop the Harvester's engine
To get to the heart of the matter. we need to start from that foundation.
Who among us knows how to operate this platform?
I can do it. Ardenvale Air Defense Force.
I was in the 92nd Wing during the Ganemede offensive.
If it has wings. I can fly it.
Great. The assignment is yours.
We'll attack again.
Now let's talk.
Guards!
This is an attack on the Citadel!
Prince Eli! Hurry up! Get up!
Before he can--
Are you okay?
-Yes.
-Are you okay?
Yes. I'm fine. Are you okay?
Yes.
It went exactly as I expected.
Although I wasn't sure.
Are you sure?
What were you sure of?
It's up to you.
Is that within my power?
How can you be aware of such a capability.
if I'm not even sure about that myself?
How would you know that?
My cannonball!
Come on now. Are you okay?
You killed our comrades from the Rebellion.
You took my gun.
Look where that got you.
You shed their blood.
And now it's your turn.
I am ready to die for my sovereign chancellor.
Ella.
Lower your blade.
That doesn't give us any advantage.
Faurtax already has its "Cleaner" engine
near the core of our planet.
And when the engine engages with the core...
Goodbye. world.
And now you're going to tell us how to stop it.
You have a delusion of grandeur.
No. Ocron Blood.
But I've got him right here.
If you're planning to kill me...
I won't kill you.
But I'll make it hurt...
...really... badly.
That's enough!
Your pain gives me no pleasure whatsoever.
But he...
Combine harvester engine...
How do we stop this?
You're too late.
I can't find Atrious.
He must be in a place that blocks my scanners.
Well. you're leaving me no choice but to step aside
and have the warrior Gunnar put an end to this interrogation.
The choice is yours.
How would you like to proceed?
Intake valve.
What?
What did he say?
What's so funny here?
Sevrynil was right about your people.
You're childish and shallow; you don't have the faintest idea of your own limitations.
Sevryn?
That alien witch I defeated in battle?
You don't stand a chance of getting to the Harvester engine
before it reaches the planet's core.
Although your attempts to do so
amuse the Grand Chancellor endlessly.
Intake valve on a Harvester engine.
During the initial siphoning sequence.
when the Harvester begins its first
harvesting phase. this is
a problem that can be exploited.
Can I break one more finger?
No.
Leave him alone.
The royal guards are watching him.
Besides. we need him alive.
Make sure he hasn't lied to us.
I wish you success. Prince.
If Faurtax wins. you'll gain vitality
his most precious possession.
Your combined magic will only make him stronger...
and more invincible.
And he'll get it.
Let's go.
Don't leave this place...
or I'll kill you myself.
Did you understand?
Good.
Now we understand each other.
The landing craft is our only option
reach the Harvester's engine.
But we have to defeat Faurtax.
Our efforts should be directed toward destroying it.
If our planet is destroyed in this battle. then at least
We can prevent him from conquering other worlds.
If this engine destroys our planet.
then everything will already be gone.
He can't be stopped.
Neither we nor any other being in this galaxy.
You heard Atrius.
Our combined magic would be a prized prize.
Well. then. let's unleash the true power of our abilities on Faurtax.
Hooray!
Step?
Are you sure you know how to drive it?
Hmm. I think I can handle it.
You're in the navigator's seat.
Do you know how to navigate?
I don't know what's written here. what it does. or what it means.
I can navigate us. Samara. Just take us to that ravine.
Hurry up.
All right then. Samara.
Polite and calm.
All right. then.
Wait.
- Gunnar.
- What's up?
Do you know why this thing is called a landing craft?
I don't know. Samm. Why is it called a landing ship?
That's because...
We're getting closer to the Harvester's engine.
It's now three miles away.
I'm getting there fast.
The Harvester's engine is approaching the Terra core.
I'm getting ready to drop anchor.
Stop!
Who wishes to enter the king's domain?
Say your name!
Thelonious! I can't move!
She's a witch!
There it is.
We're getting closer.
Look how massive it is.
How are we supposed to handle something this big?
We have no choice but to
We want to save the world from Faurtax.
You're leaving—go now.
We're at the engine.
Who wants to live forever?
He's not well.
Look at you.
You're pathetic.
Set me free. Moor.
I'm considering it.
Gunnar. go to the intake valve.
Ella. come with me to the control center.
Aren't there any grenades or cannons here?
This must be the control center.
It's jammed.
I know one way. Back up. Back up!
- We have to hurry.
- Let's go.
Warning. There is a malfunction in the sweeper's motor.
Fault status.
The oceanic phase is complete.
Resources have been exhausted. and the next phase
The assimilation of the planet is about to begin.
Right on schedule.
Intruders detected.
The cleaning motor is turned off.
Wow.
Gunnar!
Get in the car!
Faurtax is right behind Eli and Ella!
Prince Bremenord.
You shouldn't have turned off my Cleaning Engine.
That's a pointless endeavor.
Because even now. the Citadel is crumbling.
Your henchmen didn't manage to kill me.
And you can't do a better job with this task.
A prince?
Get up. Prince. Get up.
Let's go. let's go. let's go. let's go.
Ella.
Okay... okay.
Come on. Go!
Step.
Terra. what happened down there?
Where is Prince Eli?
I don't know.
Gunnar!
Cleaning motor!
We must prevent it from reaching the core!
No. Eli. we're too late.
Let's go.
Come on!
I have to get us out of here at hypersonic speed
Before that. the Harvester's engine is secured to the core.
We are dying.
Please have a seat.
Are you ready?
Wait.
Ella!
Ella?
Ella. you have to wake up!
A prince?
Prince Eli?
Eli?
Come on. we need to get back quickly.
They both lost consciousness.
It's all mine!
Hold on.
Come on. Ella.
Prince.
Come on. we have to hurry. or they won't make it.
Are we outside yet?
Brace for impact! We're going down!
Are you okay?
What happened here?
What does that mean?
My son! What have you done to him?
I demand that you tell me right now.
We saved his life.
We flew them back here as quickly as we could.
Ella needs medical attention right away. or she'll die.
Dad. this is Faurtax.
The mower's engine has reached its limit.
Take them both to the Royal Hospital immediately.
That's not necessary.
I think I'm going to kill him right here.
Guards. arrest him!
You're too late.
None of the members of your security team are still alive.
Ha!
Dad!
No!
Dad! Dad!
I apologize for everything I've done.
Protect the Blacksmith's Shop. or everything will be lost.
And now...
I will protect both of you from all harm.
No. Dad.
No. No.
Dad.
I'll be forever in your debt.
If I had known what he was planning.
I would have stopped him.
But I was late.
You have to believe me.
I've failed.
I let you down. Dad.
I brought this kingdom to its knees.
Some kind of map.
Where does this lead?
Mount Forgelara.
Blacksmith's Shop.
The King's Secrets.
As long as I wear it around my neck.
It always leads me home.
It leads straight to the center of the volcano.
This place could very well
to protect the kingdom from Faurtax.
This leads to Sepikotta.
These volcanic forces—they can give us strength.
If that gives me one more chance to face him. I'll welcome it.
Atrious is undoubtedly warning Faurtax.
Samm and I are tracking him down.
We need to act quickly.
Our combined forces are not enough to defeat him.
But there...
...we might have a chance to win.
The map leads to the cave at Innesmoure.
Below the city of Bremen.
It seems to be located directly beneath the Citadel Cuprum.
If the Harvester engine is intended for
for cutting physical. organic material...
...what do you think is raw.
What does this unstable magical power do?
Planets he has previously
As has been noted. they have been uninhabitable.
There are still many more resources in our world to consume.
Well. we can't be far now.
This place. the volcano...
...have you ever been here before?
No.
I only know the stories my mother told me.
That's all.
My mother.
He told me stories about a sunken place located
Beneath the Forbidden City...
...whose walls barred entry if you weren't considered
deemed worthy by their builders.
The city of Bremen.
And my mother...
...when she was queen of that kingdom...
...our mother.
I don't...
That's true...
...sister.
Who is your father?
I never knew him.
He said that he died before I was born.
He told me stories
from a hidden place beneath the forbidden city.
What else did he tell you?
Because that is my birthright.
But I could never claim it for myself.
The power of your army has been proven.
So now it's up to you.
There it is.
A source from the Bremen Order's army.
It flows through me.
Through us.
And our kingdom.
And we must use that power for the good of our world.
When we get to the heart of Sepikoja...
...we will join forces to defeat Faurtax.
Please let Faurtaxi know that I'm arriving.
I need to talk to him right away.
We have to leave right away.
It won't be long before the Harvester's engine
tears this whole world to pieces.
Go!
Predecessor. continue with the separation of the planet
to gather resources.
and return the collection engine to the network to re-enter orbit.
The planet separation phase will end in ten minutes.
Very good.
I'm preparing the main collection portals
to destroy the planet.
I won't let that Ocron Blood...
Upload your report to Faurtaxis.
Wait here until I say so.
No. Not on the ship.
What? Why?
We're about to enter the planet's atmosphere.
If something were to happen to the ship
-During the flight...
-That's why you're here.
If anything were to happen...
You're the one steering the ship.
Gunnar. wait!
Take my hand!
On behalf of the Bremenord Blacksmith's Guild...
...our forces are joining together!
They steer the ship.
You should have stayed in that room.
Ice.
I got myself a gun. Are you okay?
While Prince Eli and Ella are in that cleaning room.
Do you want to go and take care of what's above it?
The planetary separation phase will end in six minutes.
Predecessor... The ship's condition.
A transport ship is circling around the harvester
on an unauthorized flight route.
How about we go for one more lap?
How about we go in and give him a piece of our mind?
That works.
I can't hold it in anymore!
Leave them to me.
They will perish by my hand.
Come on. Gunnar.
Why can't we route it to the Harvester's engine?
That's not enough!
I have to go straight to the power source!
Eli!
The harvester's engine was destroyed.
The planet isolation phase has been canceled.
The main Harvester portals are closed.
What's going on?
My armor's energy is depleted.
-You.
-That hurt.
Shut up. Grab your gun. Let's go.
Grab your weapon. Let's go. Come on.
The harvester's engine was destroyed.
The planet isolation phase has been canceled.
The main cleaning portal is closed.
Destroyed?
What? How? How is that possible?
Wait. don't close the cleaning portals.
Cancellation! Cancellation!
The cleanup engine has been destroyed.
The planet isolation phase has been canceled.
The main cleaning portal is closed.
Where did that whiny coward go?
Look.
Lectern.
He disappeared that way.
You.
What kind of place is this?
How come you don't know?
You created this place.
No.
I didn't do that part.
You did it.
If you killed everyone who lived here.
When you tore a huge hole in our home.
Our world.
And my kingdom.
No...
Prince Eli.
You have to wake up.
No.
Eli. you have to come back.
Together. we are stronger.
We've proven it. bro.
We saved our world.
We stand here today to make amends for the past
errors and mistakes.
and bring together families living outside the city walls of Bremenord
And families outside the walls of that kingdom
to bring everything together here in a new. just. and fair place.
I promise to make sure today that these
The promises made to you are not just empty words.
I know what it's like to live outside those walls.
And that is why we are proud to announce today that.
that these walls must be torn down.
The blacksmith's shop is for everyone.
We fought Faurtax to keep our world from falling apart.
And we promise to keep our kingdom from doing the same.
Starting today...
The city of Bremen...
...is one place!
FLY635